DP-13: Update Configuration docs (#5850)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/configuration/rmi.adoc

Note that originally, RMI was used only for the legacy remote poller; despite this property name mentioning the "OpenNMS poller server," it applies to RMI as a whole.
<3> Allows {page-component-title} to accept and complete RMI connections.
You must include this option, otherwise {page-component-title} will accept connections but will not be able to complete a valid connection.

NOTE: If `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.conf` does not exist in your install, you can create it and add the code above.

== Allow user authentication

Authentication is allowed only for users who are assigned the `admin` or `jmx` roles (`ROLE_ADMIN`, `ROLE_JMX`).
To assign the `admin` role to a user, add `ROLE_ADMIN` to their entry in `users.xml`.
Similarly, to assign the `jmx` role to a user, add `ROLE_JMX` to their entry in `users.xml`.

If the `ROLE_USER` role is required to allow access to the web UI, ensure that the user's account has it as well (see xref:deep-dive/user-management/security-roles.adoc[]).

You should also ensure that `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/jmxremote.access` has the appropriate access settings for each role:

[source, properties]
----
admin   readwrite
jmx     readonly
----

> The possible types of access are as follows:

Author: I think restructuring this sentence completely will help the flow.

```suggestion
The following types of access are available in {page-component-title}:
```
